Store the pvcreate --metadatasize option in storage.conf (#655)
containers/storage: docs/containers-storage.conf.5.md

    6: LogLevelInfo
    7: LogLevelDebug

**metadata_size**="1k"

>   metadata_size is used to set the `pvcreate --metadatasize` options when creating thin devices.

Reviewer: is 1k the only value accepted?  I was expecting `**metadata_size**=""` here with a description of the accepted values in the text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a custom metadata_size to be used to set the `pvcreate --metadatasize` option when creating thin devices. (default: 1k)
```

Author: Nope any value accepted by pvcreate, but the default is 1k.  Or at least this is what I am told.

    7: LogLevelDebug

> **metadata_size**="1k"

Reviewer: I know it wasn't yours, but could you remove the `1k` from this line please.
